chore(tooltip): extend tooltip self-managed documentation (#3815)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/tooltip/README.md

By default, Tooltip provides styling without behavior.
You must combine it with an [Overlay Trigger](https://opensource.adobe.com/spectrum-web-components/components/overlay-trigger/#%22hover%22-content-only) in order to manage its overlay behavior.

> You can use the tooltip with an interactive element, such as [Action Button](https://opensource.adobe.com/spectrum-web-components/components/action-button/), and apply the `self-managed` attribute which automaticaly binds to the parent element's hover interaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the tooltip as the descendant of an interactive element, such as [Action Button](https://opensource.adobe.com/spectrum-web-components/components/action-button/), by applying the `self-managed` attribute which automatically binds the Tooltip to its first interactive ancestor element's focus/hover interactions:
```
